If Rachel ate 276 grams of bacon and 147 grams of sausages, how many grams of food did she eat in total?
His father estimated that they will use 20 ounces of white paint, 15 ounces of green paint and 34 ounces of brown paint. How many ounces of paint should they buy in total?
He used 24 inches of rope for the first post, 20 inches on the second, 14 inches on the third and 12 inches on the fourth. How many inches of rope were in total?
If Charlie ate 15 cookies, his father ate 10 cookies and his mother only ate 5 cookies, how many cookies were eaten in total?
If she bought 15 pieces of pepperoni, 10 pieces of salami and 30 pieces of bacon as meat ingredients, how many pieces of meat did she buy in total?
He decided to bring 30 hot dogs on sticks, 20 pieces of bite-sized cheese pops and 40 pieces of chicken nuggets. How many portions of appetizers did Andrew bring in all?
She was tasked to be in charge of drinks. She made 25 glasses of orange juice, 15 glasses of grape juice and 5 glasses of apple juice. How many glasses of juice would there be?
If they already have 10 spoons and 10 forks and they bought 30 more for forks and 20 more spoons, how many pieces of utensils do they have available for the party?
On the actual day of Annie’s birthday, almost everyone in her class came to surprise her. If Annie has 15 girl classmates, 20 boy classmates and 3 teachers in her class, how many people attended her birthday party?
If Bob has 10 candies, Mary has 5 candies, Sue has 20 candies, John has 5 candies as well and Sam has also 10 candies. How many candies did they have together?
There are 67 birds living near the mountain. If 32 birds flew away for winter, how many birds were left near the mountain?
If there are 43 packs of wolves living in the forest and 31 packs went away, how many packs of wolves were left in the forest?
If 21 families were left from the original 86 families, how many families went away?
For her birthday this year, she received a new set of shoes. She now has a total of 33 pairs of shoes. If she gave away 14 pairs of shoes to her friends, how many pairs of shoes were left to her?
At the first day back in school, her parents bought her different colored pens. If her parents bought her 56 pens and she gave 22 of those to her friends, how many pens were left for her to use?
She decided to give away some of them to the homeless kids nearby. If she has 60 candies and gave away 40 candies, how many candies does she have left?
They prepared a lot of food so she asked her parents if they could donate some to the soup kitchen next bock. If they prepared 36 turkeys and gave 18 turkeys to the soup kitchen, how many turkeys were left for them to eat?
There she gave 51 sets of Egyptian mask from her collection of 90 sets. How many sets of masks were left in Alicia’s collection?
Christmas came and as usual she received 77 gifts to put under the Christmas tree. She wanted to make other kids happy so she sent 66 gifts to the orphanage downtown. How many gifts were left under their Christmas tree?
Carl, on the other hand, was able to collect 74 stamps which are 36 more than what Mark was able to collect. How many stamps was Mark able to collect?
He started by making mini sandwiches. If he has 4 friends coming over and he made 3 sandwiches for each one of them, how many sandwiches did he make in total?
He also made some juice from fresh oranges. If he used 2 oranges per glass of juice and he made 6 glasses of juice, how many oranges did he use?
Andrew’s 4 friends decided to bring food as well. If each of them brought 4 slices of pizza, how many slices of pizza do they have in total?
If she baked 5 pans of cookies and there are 8 cookies per pan, how many cookies did her mom bake for her birthday?
They planned to serve some cold drinks as well. If they plan to make 9 pitchers of drinks and each pitcher can fill 6 glasses, how many glasses of drinks are they planning to prepare in total?
They decided to hold the party in their backyard. If they have 8 sets of tables and each set has 7 chairs, how many chairs do they have for the guests?
At the end of the party, Mona gave away some souvenirs to her 6 closest friends. If each of them received 2 souvenir items, how many souvenirs did Mona give away?
For the final touches, John wanted to paint the house using the 3 primary colors. If he has 5 liters of paint for each color, how many liters of paint does he have in all?
For the roof, John would need 2 sets of bars for support. If each set has 7 bars, how many bars are there in all?
For the walls of the house, he would use 9 large planks of wood. If each plank of wood needs 8 pieces of nails to be secured, how many nails does John need for the house wall?
She made 42 cookies which she will distribute equally in tiny glass jars. If each jar is to contain 6 cookies each, how many jars will she fill?
Marian also baked oatmeal cookies for her classmates. If she can place 12 cookies on a tray at a time, how many trays will she need to prepare 276 cookies at a time?
Marian’s friends were coming over that afternoon so she made 480 pretzels. If one serving is equal to 12 pretzels, how many servings was Marian able to prepare?
Susie's mom prepared 72 sticks for breakfast. If the sticks were served equally to 12 people, how many sticks were left uneaten?
Susie and her sister gathered 98 bears and placed them on the shelves in their bedroom. If every shelf can carry a maximum of 7 bears, how many shelves will be filled?
Susie’s father repaired the bookshelves in the reading room. If he has 210 books to be distributed equally on the 10 shelves he repaired, how many books will each shelf contain?
Susie’s mother collected all family pictures and wanted to place all of them in an album. If an album can contain 20 pictures, how many albums will she need if there are 480 pictures?
For her classmates, she made colorful paper stars which will be placed in small clear bottles. She was able to prepare 45 stars. How many stars will be placed in each bottle if Shiela has 9 classmates?
Shiela has 6 neighbors who like to collect animal drawings. Shiela has a talent for drawing and so she drew 54 animals on small pieces of paper. If she plans to give the same number of animal drawings to her neighbors, how many drawings will each of them receive?
Shiela repainted Allen’s old blocks in different colors. If Allen has 49 identical blocks and there are 7 blocks for every color of paint used, how many colors did Shiela use?